feat: add post-quantum (Falcon-1024) signature support (#595)
algorand/py-algorand-sdk: examples/README.md

    python3 <example_name>.py
```

> The post-quantum example, `falcon.py`, has two extra requirements: the Falcon-1024 implementation from the `algorand-falcon` package (`pip install algorand-falcon`, not a dependency of the SDK), and a node running the `future` consensus version. It skips itself when either is missing.

Reviewer: The `future` is now! (pls update the docs)

```suggestion
The post-quantum example, `falcon.py`, has two extra requirements: the Falcon-1024 implementation from the `algorand-falcon` package (`pip install algorand-falcon`, not a dependency of the SDK), and a node running at least v42 consensus.
```

Author: Good catch, I removed the `future` reference in `examples/falcon.py` but missed this 😬
